Tighten Up Security Considerations (#10)
netconf-wg/netconf-over-tls13: draft-ietf-netconf-over-tls13.md

# Security Considerations

The Security Considerations of {{RFC6241}}, {{RFC7589}}, and {{RFC9325}}
apply here as well.

For implementations that support TLS 1.3, the Security Considerations of
TLS 1.3 {{I-D.ietf-tls-rfc8446bis}} apply.

The following considerations from {{RFC7589}} has been modified to also

> apply to TLS 1.3 {{I-D.ietf-tls-rfc8446bis}:

Author: ```suggestion
apply to TLS 1.3 {{I-D.ietf-tls-rfc8446bis}}:
```

will allow certificates that were issued for other purposes to be
inappropriately accepted by a NETCONF server.

> The Security Considerations of {{!RFC6125}} apply to all implementations

Author: ```suggestion
The Security Considerations of {{!I-D.ietf-uta-rfc6125bis}} apply to all implementations
```
